Function which creates and saves a unique barcode numbers of 8 ciphers [0-9] (DB table: Dosimeters Col: number)
API function called generate_sensor_barcode which calls above function and returns it to the user.  It should be prefixed with 0.
   The function should also update status field for newly generated dosimeter to 'created'



Make cleanup batch job which runs once per week. Should check all barcode numbers, and if a number has not been scanned within 12 months, it should be deleted from database



Make UI where user can enter dosimeter number and click update status. When clicked the dosimeters status should be updated to 'ready_for_packaging'

     Further, when clicking the button, a pdf of size X should be generated on the server. On this pdf should be 2 sheets. 
     On sheet 1 should be datamatrix containing dosimeter number prefixed with 1 and a logo and ascii number with no prefix.
     On sheet 2 should be same as 1 but different size, and prefix 2 instead of 1. Sizes are to be determined.
     The PDF is automatically sent to client and printed on labelprinter
     Before the update button can be clicked, the owner of the dosimeter needs to be selected from a list first (assuming that owner is already correctly created in system)

Add batch grouping for dosimeters

Make UI for sending distributor batch dosimeters
     Should contiain:
     A dropdown where distributor (owner) can be selected. Mandatory
     Batch creator to manage batches for the selected distributor. A new batch is required to continue.
         A textfield for scanning the barcode and an update button
         When button has been clicked, status for this dosimeter should now be : 'shipped_to_distributor'
         
Make UI for recieving distributor batch dosimeters
     Should contiain:
         A textfield for scanning the barcode and an update button
         When button has been clicked, status for this dosimeter should now be : 'recieved_from_distributor'
When all dosimeters in a batch have been approved, an email should be sent to the distributor (owner)





